I actually got to touch it the Larry
O'Brien so you're not supposed to touch
it
[Music]
well it's the first week of na LCS in
fact it's the first day and I'm here
right now with covers presented by Omni
slash joined by three team runners
what's happening to escape okay you did
put the microphone in your mouth so we
have we have several friends here and
Nick Allen so it's just a lot of
different people know so first up we've
got Sebastian here from clutch gaming
how's it going Sebastian tweet well
speed this guy right in next time we
have hunter from golden Guardian hello
and Nick Allen from CLG hello and
previously and actually I guess what's
happening here Sebastian is filling in
for Kelvin May because this is the
eSports and chill reunion for the people
that used to watch that show TS NH
exactly th are you familiar with that
program absolutely not very good well
anyway so you guys are all here so first
off what's it like for all you guys to
be here on the first day of the NA LCS
with their teams none of you guys before
this year had an elf legalizes team so
what's what's this experience like here
day one so I've described it's like a
family reunion in a sense like I'm
seeing all of my great friends that I
don't get to see all that often and it
is incredibly nerve-racking I have just
been like a bundle of nerves all all day
all day yeah do I hold the mic are you
controlling okay okay okay cool you have
laid yet we should generally I haven't
played it it is an a weird amount of
nerves I don't know if it's like it's
sort of on the line of nerves and
excitement which is like really cool but
I think and I made a post on Facebook
earlier but it's just been this a ton of
work I think you guys would relate as
well that like getting to be here on
this day it almost felt like it was
never gonna be here but it's really
exciting and like great group of owners
good people here getting to see everyone
in one place it's really exciting
first it's cool I could handle this yeah
Sebastian you've already won your first
game so what is you know are you what
are you nervous before that or what's
this like for you yeah I on the wild dog
I wouldn't be here interviewing with you
if you have lost that first game I mean
is that you're out when I tried I tried
to schedule an interview with Steve and
Andy but then when I started to
interview Steve and he took off in a
Lamborghini
I mean it's the first day of school in
some sense right like it's it's great to
see these guys I something I don't see
them like I see them like with some
frequency but really like it's a
culmination lessor means the culmination
of like two years since the last time
like a one of my players playing on a
big stage was probably Shanghai major in
2016 before you were with clutch wishes
yeah like this is like it's 2018 now oh
my god like back then one of you guys
ran LCS I can't remember which one
in 2016 I was me I was working at twitch
there we go okay okay yeah so it's been
a long time I remember glory he was
doing banging no I exactly
I was looking I was trying to track down
Nick Allen for years and every time I
show up to a party he would like bounce
it's not a coincidence I'm sure 100%
intentional so one of the interesting
things a lot of people might not know
this especially they're not just more
traditional sports fans but you're as is
League of Legends teams played just a
little bit ago and probably right now or
very soon the owners of your the owning
NBA teams I don't know if we have a
phrase yet for that will be going to
head ahead with the Rockets and the
Warriors so is that is that fun for you
guys to kind of have this relationship
here where you get to see both your
teams play on the same day I'd rather
personally be in Houston to watch the
game right I think like I I'm looking
like I wish this was on a different day
it's like if we play the Warriors
tomorrow yeah we'd all just like yeah I
care about my team so I would be here
watching them that's the point we played
tomorrow one day on Monday your team won
today Sebastian I'm very surprised I
think it is it's like a fun coincidence
but it does like make the day even more
full than it already was feeling like I
want to go watch watch that game right
now
yeah and for you guys you both used to
run the NA LCS at different times now
you're back here with and from what I
understand are quite evil clutches of
Riot Games and the way they interact
with teams this is everything everyone
fucha negative negative sorry
hashtag LCS forever the point is you
guys down at the other side as with the
team side is that a weird experience for
you I mean it's a lot of familiar faces
things have changed a little bit like
the setup here there's like a new lounge
and different rooms and that sort of
thing but in general it feels really
familiar but actually I you know there's
a lot at stake working at riot being for
like game day and getting everything set
up and now being on this side it's even
more nerve-wracking which is a bit
surprising but it's a lot of fun it's
it's being it's cool being back here
getting to see everybody and having a
lot of fun conversations yeah yeah I was
definitely surreal showing up in a
different role but it either stick I was
struck by just sort of how quickly the
new routine kind of fell into place
there's so much to do I always felt like
when I was uh when I was running the
league like these guys just sit around
waiting for their hand they're not doing
it I have been running around all day
like this mad me never you run him to
corn names just it's it's been so much
work as if the new routine is just
really busy where's the coffee like why
the heck is 100 thieves taking so long
to win their game oh my god like
contractors going crash on his coffee
like we got retime our coffee yeah now
when I rolled up here there's an
interesting thing that was happening
we're golden Guardians had a whole set
up and they actually had gold state
warriors trophy at their booth you know
with fans coming over taking pictures
Sebastian I'm very curious where was the
trophy at your booth you know where was
your booth where was your trophy what
would happen there see I was thinking is
we win win spring or summer and then
help bring that trophy and set up in the
pub our boob do they give you a truth
yeah like a replica trophy I mean I
actually got to touch it the Larry
O'Brien so you're not supposed to touch
it but I was fortunate enough to be able
to touch their leo bright we haven't
able to by the way just just so it just
so you know we have different the 90s
right it was better in the 90s Hunter
touch those ones I mean next time I'm in
Houston was taking care of it spells he
was keeping India you know we'll have to
tighten that up for tomorrow the Knicks
have a trophy I think what year is your
trophy what brother's a trophy there I'm
really excited about this yeah where are
those trophies they don't I just said
they don't give you trouble
fix this we got talked to right where's
creation number one you are you guys
trying to form kind of everybody knows
that there's just like Jack Andy Steve
thing are you guys the new Jack Andy
Steve you know like the went you know
oddly enough scrubs when they brought in
the new characters and try to transition
it all over are you is that basically
the equivalent for you guys collectively
I don't think we could buy a Lamborghini
showed up with the Lamborghini parking
spot he by Andy showed up in a rented
Lamborghini allowed him to get out of
the parking lot really quickly after
that loss to answer your question I
don't think of us it's like a click or I
don't think any of the owners at this
point is really like a thing I think the
arrow
I think relegation encouraged people to
be a little bit more cutthroat maybe but
either way a cutthroat maybe but but I
don't know I don't feel I don't really
feel that at all I mean like I had two
animosity for thee like forty minutes
during our game where I was like sadly
or died twice I booed you guys under my
breath oh why said there was Austin it's
like really nice older couple it was
like not quite sure what was that who
was that by the
which older couple soul or lowes
grandmother was here oh I think it's
okay votos grandmother she was like I
think Samson's losing or like I think I
think you gee I hope you felt bad
started trash-talking Samson he sucks
is that your grandson
that's him be really excited I think
like it's in the game you have that but
similar to like the NBA where when we're
out of the game it's you were working
together it's like grow something
together yeah it's a fraternity like we
need it right yeah CLG cloud9 are about
to play and over three minutes really
quickly I want to get all the
predictions CLG cloud9 what's gonna
happen
CLG of course I think she'll G's gonna
win also I think I think they're much
better than people think I think CLG
stop dirty sub 30 I thought you said sub
dirty and I was like what 30 this is
gonna look really bad like yeah when
this comes out and like they lost yeah
there wasn't there wasn't a rift in the
ownership before but after this I think
they're way I think CLG looks really
solid they've been playing really well
in scrims and we're excited to see how
well they do
wow that's very political you guys have
a five-second shout out each go show
Travis and my friends and thanks for
supporting CLG alright I gotta go
yeah shoutout to everybody in the Bay
Area and all of our fans and whatever
thank you to our ownership for helping
us be in the LCS mr. Tilman Fertitta
michael Fertitta tab brown daryl morey
and all of our sponsors thank you guys
so much for the interview
thank you well Nick you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hope you enjoyed that interview I
certainly did
and if you haven't yet please subscribe
because I won't and partnership with
Omni slash we got a bunch more
interviews coming up from LCS make sure
you don't miss them